# Ternary-Purposed-Clock

My initial goal was to create a clock that has 3 main functions. A clock that tells the time & date, a time converter and a stopwatch. I have labeled the first function as “showClock”. I was able to
formulate the function by including “chrono” from the standard library. I was aware of the existence of this function via research. The implementation for the function was fairly straightforward compared to the rest. The second function I worked on was the “convert time”. My initial thoughts on the approach I should take was to include a library that would contain a pre-existing function. After research and attempts of a few pre-existing libraries, I found out that none of them really worked. Afterwards, I figured I could try and create a separate file with all of the time offset and import them into the project. I was able to find a list of timezones online. I copied the list along with its offset into an excel file and separated them so that the format was as follows:“TimeZoneAcronym:+/-Offset”. While I wanted to include a list of all the cities, with the given amount of time, I felt like acronyms of timezones were the best route to take. The type of time offset I had chosen was “UTC”. To do this, I created a “loadTimeZone” function where the main.cpp file is loading the offset I mentioned on the timezone.txt file. The convertTime function was where most of the complications come in. Lastly, the final function was the “stopWatch” function. This portion was much more complicated than I had anticipated. A lot of research went through to figure out how to formulate this function and afterwards, I found that the use of “mutex” and “thread” were the best approach to tackle this problem. To finish off, I created a “getMenuChoice” function for which the program user will be able to select 4 options, “1.Show Clock”, “2.Convert Time”,”3.StopWatch” and “4.Exit Program”. Lastly I also included a clear screen function in a separate file that will clear the screen once the user wishes to use the program again. While the project is not perfect, I did learn an extreme amount and have enjoyed figuring out different approaches to complete the project.
